January 2022 update (#106)
python/steering-council: updates/2022-01-steering-council-update.md

* The SC discussed how to handle PEP 659 (Specializing Adaptive Interpreter) and how to handle similar informational PEPs in general.

* The SC discussed getting Petr and Greg up to speed.

## 2022-01-10

* The Steering Council discussed the GitHub Issues migration, and has asked the Developer-in-Residence to take on some of the work for it.
* The SC discussed PEP 646, which was changed since the previous SC accepted it. Petr will send out a couple of questions about it.
* The SC discussed PEP 620, Eric Snow’s draft PEP on isolated subinterpreters, and how to handle such big overarching plans in general. The SC will start by creating a clearer guideline for when a PEP is required.

## 2022-01-17

* The Steering Council discussed the GitHub Issues migration with the Developer-in-Residence and got some status updates. Some issues and expectations were discussed and clarified.
* The SC discussed PEP 646 and decided that it should be accepted.
* The SC discussed PEP 673 and decided that it should be accepted.
* The SC started to discuss PEP 638 and after some initial considerations it was decided that the discussion will continue in the next meeting.

> * The SC decided that it would be a good idea to schedule PEP review at some near point in the future.

Reviewer: What's PEP review?

Reviewer 2: PEP parade, when we go through all open PEPs and figure out why they are not closed out yet.

Author: Apparently this ancient ritual goes by many names: PEP parade, PEP review, PEP roundup... I'm looking forward to find out what it is, myself.
(I'll probably be disappointed to learn it's nothing special...)

Will this rewording make it clear?
```suggestion
* The SC decided that it would be a good idea to schedule a review of open PEPs at some near point in the future.
```
